my fans and me
we're in love the arena is our bedroom
and the stage the stage is where we
corner for real is actually saving the
record industry you tell me you didn't
see here and say yo he's the star this
guy right here
he's gonna make it big Connor
currently is 32 people on his personal
payroll Connor surrounds himself with
people who are agreeable
all my woodwork it's kind of my passion
cause a mask still Justin Bieber's got
as believers and I've got my confidence
best fans in the biz this kind of a
perfect job for me but my favorite
freaks on fame is flatlining oh wow I
my pants this time I'd love to get
connor to the point where he's just
plaintiff everywhere like oxygen or
gravity or clinical depression he's just
everywhere surprise
in a way gracious is my weakness
people say I'm so pretentious with you
yeah you know it takes a village to make
me look dough